tidb: add tidb_analyze_column_options (#18281)
pingcap/docs: tiup/tiup-bench.md

    tiup bench tpch --sf=1 prepare
    ```

2. Collect statistics:

>     For the OLAP scenarios, to ensure that the TiDB optimizer can generate the optimal execution plan, execute the following SQL statements to collect statistics in advance. **We need to set [tidb_analyze_column_options](/system-variables.md#tidb_analyze_column_options-new-in-v830) to `ALL`, otherwise it will result in a significant drop in query performance.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For the OLAP scenarios, to ensure that the TiDB optimizer can generate the optimal execution plan, execute the following SQL statements to collect statistics in advance. **Be sure to set [`tidb_analyze_column_options`](/system-variables.md#tidb_analyze_column_options-new-in-v830) to `ALL`, otherwise collecting statistics can result in a significant drop in query performance.**
```

>     For the OLAP scenarios, to ensure that the TiDB optimizer can generate the optimal execution plan, execute the following SQL statements to collect statistics in advance. **Be sure to set [`tidb_analyze_column_options`](/system-variables.md#tidb_analyze_column_options-new-in-v830) to `ALL`, otherwise collecting statistics can result in a significant drop in query performance.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    For the OLAP scenarios, to ensure that the TiDB optimizer can generate the optimal execution plan, execute the following SQL statements to collect statistics in advance. **Be sure to set [`tidb_analyze_column_options`](/system-variables.md#tidb_analyze_column_options-new-in-v830) to `ALL`. Otherwise collecting statistics can result in a significant drop in query performance.**
```

    tiup bench tpch --sf=1 prepare
    ```

> 2. Collect statistics:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Collect statistics:

```

>     For the OLAP scenarios, to ensure that the TiDB optimizer can generate the optimal execution plan, execute the following SQL statements to collect statistics in advance. **We need to set [tidb_analyze_column_options](/system-variables.md#tidb_analyze_column_options-new-in-v830) to `ALL`, otherwise it will result in a significant drop in query performance.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

    For the OLAP scenarios, to ensure that the TiDB optimizer can generate the optimal execution plan, execute the following SQL statements to collect statistics in advance. **We need to set [tidb_analyze_column_options](/system-variables.md#tidb_analyze_column_options-new-in-v830) to `ALL`, otherwise it will result in a significant drop in query performance.**
```

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```sql
    set global tidb_analyze_column_options='ALL';
    ```

> 3. Run the TPC-H test by executing one of the following commands:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. Run the TPC-H test by executing one of the following commands:

```
